index.md, before:

## Bitwise Views

Coming Soon ... 

## WebRTC


<!---
[Independent Client](https://bitwiseviews.github.io/webrtc-js-app/localClient/room.html) for testing purposes.

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/bitwiseviews/bitwiseviews/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/bitwiseviews/bitwiseviews/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
-->

Commit message:

index.md : About, Ikonizer added.

index.md, after:

# About

Software Projects, Documents, Analysis that help one to transition
from minimal understanding to expert level users.
All above artefacts to be minimal, concise but comprehensive.
Minimal in terms of libraries used which in turn implies lower knowledge barrier required
for beginners.
Concise in explaining or suggesting alternatives.
Comprehensive for those who already have or manage to get a clear idea via using above.

Primary focus is on Software Tools for Web Development.

In particular, focus will be on html5, css, javascript languages.


## Ikonizer

Manipulating svg sprites for creating icons
- [Ikonizer](https://bitwiseviews.github.io/ikonizer/spriteEditor.html)

For manipulating svg sprites.
- See [Ikonizer](https://bitwiseviews.github.io/ikonizer)
<!-- ## WebRTC -->


<!---

# About

Software, Document, Analyze Projects with bare essentials.

[Independent Client](https://bitwiseviews.github.io/webrtc-js-app/localClient/room.html) for testing purposes.

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/bitwiseviews/bitwiseviews/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/bitwiseviews/bitwiseviews/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
-->
